Moxie
Moxie, why are you doing this?
The emperor was just in the imperial garden
Although the empress did not blame
But I can feel it.
I hurt the feelings of the emperor and the empress
So guilty
In this harem I have no grave
No official position
And I thought, there's no other way.
I can only die
Please don't be sad for me when I die
Your Majesty, Sister Yao is back now
Naturally, there must be a reputation in this palace
Why don't you make him a concubine?
Okay, then follow what Concubine Yuan means.
Named Yao Moxi as the Western Concubine
Follow Concubine Yuan to manage the harem
The concubine thanks the emperor for changing his mouth so naturally
It really shows the fox's tail
I'd like to see what other tricks you have behind you
The emperor's concubine thinks this is very good
The concubine has long felt that she is compatible with Sister Yao
After this
We can also be sisters in the palace
OK
Don't worry, Emperor
Concubine Guarantee
Sister Xi will not suffer the slightest grievance in the palace